>> Brian Holt: So here we have this
combine reducers, and this function
that combine reducers makes is passed
into here, into the reducer here.
So, a brief aside here,
the only thing that's actually
really required in a reducer is that
the action is an object and it has a type.
That's the bare minimum requirements
of what an action must look like.
We're going one step above this
by adhering to something called
Flux Standard Actions.
>> Brian Holt: And this is just something
that I do because I don't have a reason
not to, [LAUGH] not because there's
any particular good reason to do it.
So Flux Standard Action,
this was invented by Andrew Clark who
invented Redux itself
along with Dan Abermoth.
And it's basically just a shape to these
objects that has a type and a payload.
In fact it really only has to have a type.
It can have a payload, it can have
an error, and it can have a meta property.
Now, why do we adhere to
these Flux Standard Actions?
Why don't we just make up
our own action shapes?
There is some tools that you can use that
are built on top of Flux Standard Actions,
and if you adhere to these different rules
then you get some additional tooling
benefits behind the scene.
I've never used the tools so I really
couldn't explain much more than that, but
that's what we're doing.
If you're more interested,
just check out Flux Standard Action.
>> Brian Holt: And we'll talk about
the difference between Redux and
Flux at the end.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's actually just go through and
finish out our reducers here since none of
them have to be particularly difficult.
So we have this location reducer,
I'm gonna make another one
called the animal reducer.
So animal.js, and
I'm literally just gonna copy and
paste what was in the location reducer and
just rename all the correct things.
animalReducer, the initial
state will be empty, right,
cuz that's the initial state
that we have for animals, but
it could be dog, if you wanted to have dog
be the default thing that you search for.
And this will be SET_ANIMAL.
>> Brian Holt: That's it.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
someone might say, well,
this looks really similar
to the other one.
Couldn't we have some sort of
higher order reducer generator?
You could, but
the word higher order reducer generator,
that's a bunch of words slammed together
that just gives me a little bit of pause.
I like the explicitness of this, right?
Cuz later I might come in here and
SET_ANIMAL might need to do more things.
>> Brian Holt: So, this is good.
This is what animal.js should look like.
We're going to make another
one called breed.js.
>> Brian Holt: And this is one that
we're going to the breed reducer.
Again, you can have here Havanese or
Poodle or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: So I wanna put above here,
if (action.type === "SET_BREED").
>> Brian Holt: Then return action.payload.
And then here, I'm gonna change
this to be else if it's SET_ANIMAL,
then we're going to return
empty string right?
Because if we are changing the animal,
then the breech is reset
back to empty string.
So this is how one reducer can respond
to multiple different action types.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, one more.
>> Brian Holt: breeds, with an s, .js.
>> Brian Holt: We wanna
have a breedsReducer.
>> Brian Holt: And
this is gonna be SET_BREEDS.
And instead of making that empty string,
it'll be an empty array, and
that's it for that.
This is when someone request
a new list of BREEDS,
we're gonna keep that Redux store as well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that gets all of our reducers for
our project out of the way.
So go back to your index.js and
we're just going to import all of these so
we're gonna have animal.
>> Brian Holt: And breed and breeds.
Okay, and we're gonna have to
import all of those as well,
import animal from "./animal",
import breed from "./breed" and
import breeds from "./breeds".
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, question.
>> Speaker 2: Why isn't breed
part of the animal reducer?
>> Brian Holt: Why isn't breed
So if you go into the animal one, and
someone calls SET_ANIMAL,
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
if someone sets the breed
to be a different breed, so
you go from Poodle to Havanese, you
don't have to change the animal, right?
It's still a dog, right?
But the inverse is true
that if I come into breed,
if someone changes from cat to dog,
Poodle doesn't make sense anymore.
So you have to set that
back to empty stream.
>> Brian Holt: So
breedReducer, its entire world,
the only thing it ever cares
about is the breed, right?
It doesn't care about animal,
it doesn't affect any other reducer.
Reducers don't talk to each other, right?
The only thing this ever cares
about is the answer to what is
the currently set breed, and if you
set the breed then that's the answer.
If you set the animal
then it's empty string,
otherwise it's just
whatever it was before.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's a good question, but
it has to do with your data dependencies.